
My main suggestion with regard to your write-up would be that you take
time to read through it carefully yourself.  Put yourself in the
position of somebody who doesn't know what the project is about and is
interested, and read it from that point of view.  See if you can
understand from the text what the project is trying to do and what was
actually done.  I think you'll find that there are many gaps and leaps
which could do with more explanation, if you do so.

Additionally, here are some specific comments on the text (many of them
minor) that I noted as I went through it.

 - first page of the introduction, third para, you talk of the "fastest"
GI solvers.  It would be good to make this precise.  In what sense are
they fastest?  I suppose you want to stress that on most GI instances
that arise in practice, they are very efficient.  Third sentence,
starting "Babai mentioned..." is rather confusing.  It's not clear what
you meant to say.

 - page 2, you ask whether your statement about Johnson graphs is
correct.  But, I don't understand the statement.  You've not said what
canonical partitioning is, or what Johnson graphs are.

 - three lines further down: "benchmark graphs implemented by it"?  In
what sense does Traces implement benchmark graphs?

 - you ask a question about Miyazaki graphs, but I don't know what these
are.  Certainly CFI graphs and k-regular graphs are resistant to vertex
colour-refinement.

 - Later on the page, you refer three times to "multipedes".  But,
again, you don't say what these are, and I'm not sure it is correct to
say that "such constructions are based on multipedes".  Multipedes
provide one construction, but not the only one, for obtaining rigid
graphs that are not C^k-rigid.

 - bottom of page 6: "rather than using or we use exclusive-or".  Of
course, in general SAT you have the full range of Boolean connectives,
not just "or".

 - I had pointed out in my previous comments that you should use latex
math mode for all mathematical symbols.  In most places, this is still
not used.

 - page 13: you introduce Method A and Method B, but it is unclear from
the discussion what these are methods for.  Also, had we not discussed
another way, namely to use the CryptoMiniSat facility for finding a
second solution?

 - page 14, when you talk of k-local consistency, you say it takes in
infinite amount of time.  In fact, it can be decided in time O(n^k), so
it is exponential in the value of k, but for fixed values of k, it is
polynomial time.

 - page 21, line 6: "describe what each part..."  There are many such
typos throughout the text and it needs a thorough proof-reading.  I'm
not going to list them all here

 - You ask a question on page 21:  I always prefer a clear textual
explanation of an algorithm to a listing.

 - Bottom of page 21, you say that how systems are validated for unique
satisfiability and k-local consistency is relegated to an appendix.  Is
this not an important part of what you want to explain?

 - line 3 of Section 4.3.3: I wouldn't call this a multipede.

 - line 2 of Sec. 4.6.1: What does it mean to say a system "cannot be
located".

 - line 3 of Sec. 4.6.3: what is "the ideal graph"?
